

## Attendees: Paul Pounendis, Ivan Seares Nunes, Ruslan Mugalimov, Lucas Sargent, Barbara Vrettos, Alex Bagent

Date: July 1st

Time: 4-6 pm

Location: 

Minutes 11-06-18

https://github.com/adelaideblockchain/admin/blob/master/meetings/minutes_11-6-18.md

# Agenda

## Sponsorship
* We need to finalize the form by the end of this meeting!!!!!
* ConsenSys 3k aud. Signed.
* Wanchain - developing strategy with Biz Dev. Possible bootcamp weekend?
* Avalier, Maltem, CBA possible sponsorship

### Constitution and Incorporation
* Government wants us to incorporate before we commence communication and talk about old RAH
* Pretty urgent, needs to be done by end of holidays.
* Templates?
* Content?
* Roles?
  
### old RAH hackerspace
* Steve Marshall fond of Blockchain.
* Only issue with this is possible political road blocks. (Explain)
* Gov rep very interested in what we are doing, want's to facilitate our efforts.
  
# Events

## Next month
### Internal Bootcamp
* Internal bootcamp end of week? Friday?
* Can everyone come/want to come to this? What day?
### Monthly Meetups
* Organise monthly meetup, 3rd Thursday of every month.
* These can include talks, topics of discussion, news or just network mixers. Changes month by month.
* First July 18th.
* Theme? Either introduce Mecoo and T-Prov, or dedicate talk to the lightnining network?
* Looking to hold this at Moonshine labs. Talking to Jason Neave about it.
### External Bootcamp
* Potential weekend thing?
* Semester break next semester. 
* Brainstorm structure of this event? Agenda?
### Pancake day
* Blockchain Education Network have offered us a Bitcoin airdrop. 
* Entails us giving away btc for free ($5 each student). 
* Hold pancake, sausages at the same time.
* Eseentially paying them to eat. This is a huge opportunity to scale attention and create awareness on campus.
* Can also do the samething at Flinders and UniSA.
## Future
### 4 part workshop series
* For next semester. Should dedicate to coding only?
* Theory comes with the dev.
### November
* Hackathon Novemeber 23-25?

## Projects
* Maltem looking to do a solar project with peregrine. Biz dev wants to include us in this development. Great opportunity.
* Possible collab with MIT, talking to two people about projects. 
* Our own ERC20 token?

## Consulting
* need to start contemplating developing content for day seminars.
* peregrine
* insurance company (details with mentor)

## Actionable Items
* Assign team to build constitution. Incorporate when?
* Set date and scope of internal Bootcamp. Next weekend?
* Website Revamp? Organise team. Home page, About, Events, Sponsorship/donations
* Organise team to develope workshops for next semester. 


    
  


