# AdlBlockchain Minutes 23/9/2018

#### Attendees: Paul Pounendis, Ruslan Mugalimov, Barb Vrettos, Ivan Seares Nunes  

## Website
- Further progress
- Development team discuss  layout and further polishing
- Resources tab? (Some content will be available to put on here for people to use)
## Dispatch labs
- Want to raise funds, will be ready to sponsor us in December ($4k)
## Airdrop event
- Go through process over next few days centred on bypassing Ethirium telegram (talk to dev team to see how this can be done)
## nGage
- After exams, providing students with the opportunity to build something and get a grant for it, lots of potential. 
- Lots of high end ballers working/advising on the org (Stanford University R&D)
## Roles/Contribution
- General committee will need work, new members joining the general committee.
- Board â€“ Paul will talk to people separately. Some people will be leaving the board.
## Social media
- Update 'about' details on all platforms
- Give administrative rights on Facebook to Ivan and anyone else who needs them

## Anthying I've missed?
- <blank>
