
  

## *Attendees*: Paul Pounendis, Ivan Seares Nunes, Barbara Vrettos, Sarah Jamieson

## *Absentees*: Ruslan Mugalinov

Date: December 18th 2018

Time: 1-3 pm

Location: Ground Level 10 Pulteney Street Adelaide 5000

Minutes: November 18th 2018

https://github.com/adelaideblockchain/admin/blob/master/meetings/minutes_18-11-18.md

# Recap: 
- Meeting minutes were somewhat settled last time. Sunday, was decided upon, however this one was on Tuesday.

# Agenda

### Authorise Ivan and Paul to finish up Accounting and distribute funds. 
* Setup up PayPal account?
* Move all subscription services. Meetup, Google Drive etc.

***Meeting Notes: Accounting and distribute funds*** 
* The account will be distributed between the President and the Treasurer. 
* Need to discuss this on discord with Paul and Ivan in order to settle up the accounting and monetary issues and data. 

### Decide upon on Strategy for next 3-6 months
* 8 week Code Hack challenge? In conjunction with Challenge.
* Structure? Scope?
* Meeting with Angela to discuss. 
* Information Session first week of January to get students together.
** Develop 2-3 teams.. **
----
***Meeting Notes: (From above)*** 
- Wanna have a buffer between 1k - 2k and the remaining funds will be utilised in order to run events and what have you. This would include sponsoring students to travel.
- Wanna have some internal based projects  in order to try and solidify the skill set of the team and what have you in order to build products and PoC's in order.
- Have to research regarding demographic being targeted by the Gov Challenge and develop ideas for our own projects such as the 8-week challenge and what have you in order to promote the projects for students
- Need to try and set up about 3 or so teams in order to try and get them to get the innovation challenge in order for them to build things and self develop. 
	- This Goes along with the 8 - week building code hacks (Might need to run in a shorter time frame.)
	- Might need to have some sort of incentive in order to try and garner attention **(*Books(?), Funds(?), Prizes(?)*)** 
- Might be a good idea to leverage the 8-week and the Gov Challenge in order to try and get them to be interested and then hence want to jump on and work on projects (*R&D side of things*)
-------
Timeline Plan  -
-------
>Photo taken 
-----
## Info session: - Not Well Discussed

### Apply for position at Lot Fourteen through FIXE?
* https://www.fixe.org.au/fixeatlotfourteen 

***Meeting Minutes: FIXE*** 
- Registration of interest for FIXE (Paul and Barbara) need to be done

### Decide on application due date for Volunteer Applicants. 
* Have a Adelaide Blockchain lunch with all promising applicants?

-----
***Meeting Minutes: Volunteer Applicants*** 

- About 6 applicants. 
- Information inside of Paul's computer which has a very good round up in terms of skill set distribution. 
- Jason might be a good candidate for future 

------

### Maltem Project
* Adelaide Blockchain partnership
-----
***Meeting Minutes: Maltem Project*** 
- Project: U-hub 
	- $4 MM project that wants to work with us to provide talent
- Some sort of retail energy contract to interact with providers and customers
- Paul can expand more on this
-----

### Trello
* Sign Up and introduction. 

### Establish fortnightly meeting between teams.
* Marketing times and dates
* R&D times and dates

### Any additional updates

------
***Meeting Notes: Additional Updates --> Marketing*** 
- Need to specify what our target audience is in a marketing perspective
	- Need to plan out and see who we are catering to and if we are targeting either a specific or a general audience and what have you. 

- Need to think about not only promoting Adelaide Blockchain as an entity but also focusing on Blockchain as a whole and how we might target that to different stakeholders and targeted audience as a whole.
- Need to not only push Blockchain stuff but also anything to do with: 
	- Industry 4.0 (*AI, ML, Additive Manufacturing, Cyber Security, etc*)
- ACS wants to talk with us for Blockchain related event(?)
- Colour coding for event organisation whether this be on our online calendar or on event announcement (i.e. Green --> Dev. Workshop , Red --> Lecture)
- Need to team up with other associations in order to try and push the technology **(A.I. , Arts (international studies/relations), etc. )**. This would be nice to run some sort of talk event and bring in someone from an AI industry with someone from the Blockchain industry and then creating a cross-industry platform. 
-------
>2 Photos taken 
-----
- Events need to be very strategic with purpose and great delivery. 
- Need to have an event template in order to create an event timeline for both attendance, attention, target and engagement.
-----


***Meeting Notes: Additional Updates --> Algorand*** 
- Making sure to look into the future in terms of delivering content and courses in general.  
---

***Meeting Notes: Additional Updates --> Advisory board*** 
- Need to have some sort of advisory board going on in order to obtain ideas and external stimuli in order to aid in the progress and pathway of the association. 
	- Board members can also be assigned to the board!
	-Look at Barbara's "Adelaide Blockchain Advisory" documentation in order to get a better scope and list of names in order to get things going! 

- Have a 1 - 2 hour meeting every 2 - 3 months with about 12 or so advisers in order to make sure that a wide range of ideas are represented in order to dilute any specific biases.  


***I.E.***
"This is what I think you guys need to do" --> 3 months later
> This is what we did, are you happy with it? 

They then provide the feedback and what have you. 

-------

***Meeting Notes: Additional Updates --> Extra*** 

- Need to make sure that everything is easily readable and accessible to everyone (Google Docs/Drive etc.)
- Meetings every two weeks or so which would be quite good
	- Maybe this would be even sooner per specific teams (i.e. a meeting within the marketing committee and what have you).
	- (?)


----- 
